o About NISD:

    NISD (N11/Inferno Software Distribution) is an operating system
    built on top of the Inferno hybrid kernel for AMD64 based
    hardware.  The project aims towards UNIX compilance.

    NISD is project started by Ariston Lorenzo and Levi Frisleben
    in 2018 as Hydra. In 2020, Hydra was renamed Echo and the Inferno
    name was introduced for the kernel. In 2022, Echo, now renamed
    to Hydra had a source code reset from scratch and is the origin
    of most code in the distribution now. In 2024, Hydra was finally
    renamed to NISD with Hydra being used as a codename.

    NISD had a goal to learn how different components of a computer
    and operating system interact as well as long how to create a
    modern operating system.  We also had a goal of creating a system
    as an alternative to other systems that could be used by the
    normal person and can modify to their likings.

    The release of NISD contains everything you need to run a system,
    including full source code for everything.  With the source dist.
    installed, you can recompile the entire system from scratch with
    one command.  This makes it ideal for people who to understand
    how the system works and how to contribute.

    DISCLAIMER: While we try to do our best to safeguard you against
    accidental loss of data, it's still more than possible to WIPE
    OUT YOUR ENTIRE DISK with this.  Please do not use this system
    unless you've backed up important data first! (or you just like
    living on the edge.)

o Contact info:

    For general questions, please send email to:

        hydra-inferno@googlegroups.com

    Please know that if your questions aren't immediately answered,
    we are volunteers and we have real-life schedules to deal with.
    Questions which are well described (e.g. not "Help! It doesn't
    work!") have a better chance of being answered.

    Bug reports can also be sent to the above mailing list.

o Credits:

    from CONTRIB.N11:

    The N11 Core Team:
        Ariston Lorenzo (atl) <me@ariston.dev>
        Levi Freisleben (fire) <levih@n11.dev>

    Additional N11 Contributors (in no particular order):
        Genesis Banzon (myst) <genesisbmyst@gmail.com>
        Nola G (gingerwitch) <redpendrew@gmail.com>

